Katib v1beta1 documentation update (#2312)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/components/katib/trial-template.md

+++

> title = "Trial Template Overview"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title = "Overview of trial template parameters in Katib"
```

(Sentence case, unless it's a product name, I think)

> description = "How to specify trial template parameters and support custom CRD in Katib"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description = "How to specify trial template parameters and support a custom resource (CRD) in Katib"
```

(I had to look up CRD on the K8s docs - correct me if I'm wrong. Just wanted to help some new users)

weight = 40
                    
+++

This guide describes how to configure trial template parameters and use custom
[Kubernetes CRD](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/)

> in Katib. Follow this page to know more about changing trial template specification,
> how to use [Kubernetes ConfigMaps](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/configmap/)
> to store templates and how to modify Katib controller to support your
> Kubernetes CRD in Katib experiments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in Katib. You will learn about changing trial template specification,
how to use [Kubernetes ConfigMaps](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/configmap/)
to store templates and how to modify Katib controller to support your
Kubernetes CRD in Katib experiments.
```

It is possible to use your own Kubernetes CRD or other Kubernetes resource
(e.g. [Kubernetes `Deployment`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/))
as a trial worker without modifying Katib controller source code and building

> the new image. As long as your CRD creates Kubernetes Pods, allows to inject

Reviewer: is it Pods or pods in K8s? I thought it's "pods" 😄

Author: I think it's called `Kubernetes Pods` :). Ref: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/#using-pods.

the [sidecar container](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/) on

> these Pods and has succeeded and failed status, you can use it in Katib.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
these Pods and has succeeded and failed status, you can use it in Katib.
```

is it Pods or pods in K8s? I thought it's "pods" 😄

1. Modify Katib controller
   [ClusterRole's rules](https://github.com/kubeflow/katib/blob/master/manifests/v1beta1/katib-controller/rbac.yaml#L5)

>    with the new rule to give Katib access for the all resources that are created

Reviewer: Correction:

```suggestion
   with the new rule to give Katib access to all resources that are created
```

>    by trial. To know more about ClusterRole, check

Reviewer: "by the trial"?

```

> If the above steps are successful, you are able to use your custom object YAML

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you ran the above steps successfully, you should be able to use your custom object YAML
```
